hi I'm drew t-shirt and today I'm going
to show you a quick tutorial on how to
refine and improve your phone with
paddling technique to improve our fine
you forward paddling technique I'm going
to break it down into three main
sections what you blade does what your
body does what you focus
what's this next short video clip look
closely at the blade and think of some
key features which you can see
but you should have noticed just then is
that my hands are an equal distance from
each blade blade was then entered in
line with my toes into the water
vertically blade was then poured next to
the boat to the hip and then flicked out
process was then repeated on the other
side so the blade went in on my movement
Oh vertically pull back next to the bow
and then flicked out at the hip this
process is then repeated and repeated
and repeated to get you forward motion
after the calc
watch this next shot video clip look
closely at the body and think of some
key features which you can see okay from
the last video you cannot see fully what
is going on with the body for this
reason I'm going to use the 0 comments
it's sure better picture of what goes on
with the body while paddling for words
firstly you can see that Jack's head is
always facing forwards it stops any
unwanted edging of the boat and puts his
center of gravity central with boat
secondly you can see that rim rotation
is a key movement this is held by
contracted abdominal muscles to increase
the force throughout each stroke and
also by applying pressure to the feet
watch its next short video clip look
closely at the boat the think of some
key features which you can see as you've
just seen with regards to the belt
there's not really much to look at with
a forward Badman main points to take
into consideration is to keep the pork
flat with water and keeping your nose in
the direction you want to go as you just
seen in the video that I've just done my
boat zigzags with my strokes this is
because of my boat being so sharp and a
lot of the boats such as Jack's bills in
fact less
bananana look at collection strokes
okay sometimes when you're paddling you
fear off to the side base but you can
stop this is simply been just lucky like
your paddle make sure it your hand out
in the middle of the panel another way
is to make sure you sit in in the middle
of you see if you're not sitting in the
middle of the city but could be on edge
which could turn you if that's all
correct try just edged in your boat put
your bolt on edge if your edge bright
even the term right if you educate my
another way is to put a sweep stroke in
a sweep stroke is simply a forward
paddle stroke however it's much wider so
it goes from the front of you belt all
the way around to the back depending on
what cheat engine depends on how wide
you want to do that stroke another way
is just simply look where you want to go
I look at where you want to go you
subconsciously move your legs to edge a
bow in the direction that you want to go
which bears the bow off to the side
so if we lucked out today then first of
all patents needs to be placed on the
panel shoulder width apart equal
distances from each blade the blade then
enters the water vertically pulls back
to your hip where it's then flicked out
saying anything this process is then
repeated constantly to enable the kayak
to keep moving forward earth met with a
paddle is taking place trip rotation is
being used using your core abdominal
muscles and also by applying fresh to TV
the boat should be moving it in forward
direction however Sharples will zigzag
longer bolts should just be going in a
straight line so a very important key
thing to remember is that when your cake
in all strokes are led with your head so
look where you want to go it's now time
for you to go away in practice a few
points take into consideration always
take partner to ensure safety if
anything happens tri-state saw in the
same age gender and building you to
observe each other and help each other
when learning new skills but started
learning a new skill focus on the blade
and the boat will rather than what your
body and your limbs are doing and
finally take a minute or two to
visualize yourself doing this skill
perfectly before actually partaking in
the scale that's enough for me bye